Improve docu based on feedbacks (#79)
CartoDB/carto-selfhosted-helm: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

In this section you could find some common problems and the proper way to solve it.

## Things to check if you have any type of error

> - Did you have enough space in the cluster?. Please check it you have any pod in a `Pending` state before open any type of ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you have enough space in the cluster? If you have a pod with a `Pending` it probably means you do not. Please check the resources available.
```
